# Meeting Summary: 2025-09-18

## ðŸ“… Meeting Information

Thank you for attending the jeandle community meeting on September 18, 2025! This was our second community meeting. Below is a summary of the main discussion points. If you have any suggestions for community improvement, please feel free to raise them [in an issue](https://github.com/jeandle/community/issues).

- **Date & Time**: September 18, 2025, 19:00 - 20:00
- **Location/Format**: Online Meeting
- **Host**: @taofengliu
- **Note Taker**: @mingcheng
- **Related Links**: https://github.com/jeandle/community/issues/8

## ðŸ‘¥ Attendees

- Community members, 9 participants

## ðŸ“‹ Main Topics

### ðŸš€ Main Meeting Agenda
1. Introduction of the main progress during last two weeks.
2. Next phase planning discussion.
4. Introduce the new committer @feilongjiang.
5. Open discussion.

### ðŸ’¬ Open Discussion

  **Q: Are there some reference materials on statepoint?**

  A:
  - https://llvm.org/docs/GarbageCollection.html
  - https://llvm.org/docs/Statepoints.html
  - https://llvm.org/docs/StackMaps.html#stackmap-section
  - https://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html

  **Q: How many people are allocated to this project?**

  A: About 7.

  **Q: Which optimizations do we need to implement for Jeandle?**

  A: Like inlining, type analysis and escape analysis.

  **Q: Does Jeandle involve optimizations for startup speed and compilation resource consumption?**

  A: These represent our future work, with numerous industry approaches available for reference.


## ðŸ“Ž Attachments & References

- PPT: [material.pptx](./material.pptx)
