# Meeting Summary: 2025-10-16

## ðŸ“… Meeting Information

Thank you for attending the jeandle community meeting on October 16, 2025! Below is a summary of the main discussion points. If you have any suggestions for community improvement, please feel free to raise them [in an issue](https://github.com/jeandle/community/issues).

- **Date & Time**: October 16, 2025, 19:00 - 20:00
- **Location/Format**: Online Meeting
- **Host**: @hexuejin
- **Note Taker**: @liutaofeng
- **Related Links**: https://github.com/jeandle/community/issues/11

## ðŸ‘¥ Attendees

- Community members, 6 participants

## ðŸ“‹ Main Topics

### ðŸš€ Main Meeting Agenda
1. Introduction of the main progress during last weeks.
2. Next phase planning discussion.
4. Introduce the new contributors @guoxiongli @feiyang.
5. Open discussion.

### ðŸ’¬ Open Discussion

  **Q: The RISC-V GitHub CI resources don't work and my CI tasks are failing. Can anyone help me solve this problem?**

  A: Currently Jeandle community is using the free resources from PLCT. We will help you solve the issue after the meeting.


  **Q: What the plans for jeandle backend support?**

  A: We currently support X86 and Aarch64, and are planning to support the RISC-V backend. We hope to fully leverage the advantages of the LLVM ecosystem and welcome everyone to participate in backend development.



## ðŸ“Ž Attachments & References

- PPT: [material.pptx](./material.pptx)
